# nyaa
nyaa

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/nyaa.png?mini=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/nyaa/)

```
$ nyaa
Meow mow nyan mew mya nyu meow nyaa myu myaa purr nyaa mew mya nyu. Mow nyu
meow! Nyan mew nyaa nyan mya nyu myu mew meow nyaa? Mow meow mow purr nya? Purr
myu nyan meow nyaa? Myaa nyan nyan mew nyan purr myaa mya purr purr meow myu
nyaa myaa. Myu nyaa nyan purr nya nya purr? Nyan nya myu. Mew mow nyaa nya mew
nyu nyan myu nyan mow nya mew?

Nyu mow myu. Mow mew purr mya nyu mow mew myu meow mya myu myu myaa. Nyu myaa
myu nya. Meow mow nyan nyan myaa. Nyaa myaa mew nyan meow nyu meow meow mow mya
nya mew meow mew. Nya nyu mya meow nyu mew? Nyan nya myu mya nyan nyan. Myu nyaa
mya. Myu nyu mya mew myu myaa meow mew meow meow? Purr myu mya nya myaa mow purr
nyu mow meow myaa mow nyu? Mya meow nyaa nyaa mew mow purr mya. Myaa myaa myu
mew nya mow mow nyu.

Myu nya mow myaa mow nyaa mew myaa meow myaa nyan nyan. Nyaa purr meow. Nyaa mya
myu myaa nyan mya nyu mow nyaa meow mow nya. Mya nyaa mya mow myaa nyan myu purr
purr myu? Myaa meow nyan nya mew nyan nyaa mya nyu? Nyan mew mya nyaa mow mow
myaa nyaa meow myaa mya mow myaa? Mya nya meow nyan myu mew purr. Meow nya mew
myaa mow mow nyan nyu mew myaa mow purr? Nyu meow mew myu myaa nyan?

Mow purr nyu mow nyaa meow nyaa mya meow? Mew nyu mya myu meow nya nyan meow myu
myaa mow mew meow! Purr mow nyu myaa mew mya mew? Nyu meow nyan myu nyu purr.
Mew myu myu nyaa nyan nya nyu nyan myu myu purr myu! Mow mew mow nyaa. Nyu meow
mew nya nyaa myu nya? Nyu mya nya mow mow nyaa nyu mow myu nya. Nyaa meow mew
nyu. Mew purr myu nyaa nya.

Mow nyan nyu? Nyaa nya purr mow nya mya nya myaa. Nyaa nyu nyan? Myaa myu nyaa
nyu! Meow nya nya. Nyaa nya meow mew. Mew nyan meow myaa. Mow meow mew mew nya?
Nya mew myu mew nyan purr mya myaa purr mew mew mew myaa meow? Nyan nyu nyaa
meow nyu myaa mya? Meow nyaa myaa myu. Meow mew purr mew nyaa nya myu mew purr
nyaa nyan purr.
```
